Node Js => node js is used to run our programe without using browser and V8 engine.

How many way to declare variable in javascript?
1.) Let :- scope level variable.
2.) Var :- module level or file level variable and it also a functional scope.

Note :: in javaScript we allways prefred let not ware because of issue in block scope and functional scope.
Note :: in javascript without defining his datatype we can create variable but it not good for use.

Note :: in javascript , jab hm variable declare karke chor dete hai to uska value "UNDEFINED" hota hai.

Code Readability :: it should be always readable.

ECMA Script :: it will always flow standared.

// data type 
primitive and non-primitive

=> symbol is used to make value unique.

** Null ko jab typeof se datatype nikalte hai to "Object" Milta hai.

/** Copy With Array */
âš¡Shallow Copy :: it referece to same address. means if you cnange in copy array they will reflect in actual or original array.
âš¡Deep    Copy :: it referece to different address. means if you change in copy array that will not reflect in original array.


ðŸ“InnerHTML , textContent , innerText :: Difference -> same value milta hai
ðŸ‘‰ textContent -> agar kuch bhi hai jo window par hai but dikh nahi rah hai due to 
    some css property but phirvi we can access that data through text textContent.
ðŸ‘‰ while jo text window par dihkega keval ohi access hoga kisi karn ki vajah se 
    koi css laga kar hta diya gay hoga o nahi dikhega. to hm innerText.
ðŸ‘‰ innnerHTML hme pura value deta hai.

âœ… convert NodeList to Array :: Arrays.from(variableInWhichURecieved)



âœ… Javascript Default Behaviour
ðŸ“Java is syncronous type language but we can make it async
ðŸ“javascript is a single thred language. that's why sometime it slower.

ðŸ‘‰ Blocking code Vs Non Blocking Code
âœ… Block the flow of          âœ… Does not block execution
    Programe.
âœ… Read file Sync             âœ… Read File Async


javscript Me :: 
Array is type of Object hi hai.
Har ek chij object se hi atta hai. 
prototype , inheritial behaviour.


function , function bhi hai or object bhi hai.

 => dot prototype kar ke acess kar sakte hai prototype ko :: 
 => this se ek current context set hota hai. 
 => This, mtlab Jisne Bulaya hai uske pass hi jaao.

 /** New Keyword Secret Notes **/
 A new object is created : the new keyword initiates the 
 creation of a new javascript object.

 A prototype is linked : the newly created object gets linked
 to the prototype property of the constructor function. this 
 means that it has access to properties and methods defined
 on the constructor's prototype.

 The constructor is called : the contstructor function is called with the specified 
 arguments and this is bound to newly created object. if no explicit return value is specified 
 from the constructor, javascript assumes this, the newly created object, to be the intended eturn value.

The new object is returned : after the constructor function has 
been called, if it doesn't return a non-private value
(object, array, function, etc.) , the newly created object is returned.

